com/example/cocktailmania/utility/IngredientElem.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.IngredientElem
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.IngredientElem$1
com/example/cocktailmania/utility/StepPrep.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.StepPrep
com/example/cocktailmania/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.BuildConfig
com/example/cocktailmania/utility/NonScrollListView.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.NonScrollListView
com/example/cocktailmania/utility/CocktailElem.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.CocktailElem
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.CocktailElem$1
com/example/cocktailmania/ingredient/IngredientAdapter.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.ingredient.IngredientAdapter
 com.example.cocktailmania.ingredient.IngredientAdapter$1
 com.example.cocktailmania.ingredient.IngredientAdapter$OnIngListener
 com.example.cocktailmania.ingredient.IngredientAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/cocktailmania/naviga/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.naviga.MainActivity
com/example/cocktailmania/book/BookActivity.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.book.BookActivity
com/example/cocktailmania/DB/MyHelper.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.DB.MyHelper
com/example/cocktailmania/utility/StrumElem.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.StrumElem
com/example/cocktailmania/naviga/start.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.naviga.start
com/example/cocktailmania/cocktail/StrumAdapter.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.StrumAdapter
com/example/cocktailmania/utility/IngRow.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.utility.IngRow
com/example/cocktailmania/cocktail/IngredientCustomAdapter.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.IngredientCustomAdapter
com/example/cocktailmania/cocktail/CocktailAdapter.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.CocktailAdapter
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.CocktailAdapter$1
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.CocktailAdapter$OnCktListener
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.CocktailAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/cocktailmania/cocktail/StepCustomAdapter.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.StepCustomAdapter
com/example/cocktailmania/cocktail/CocktailActivity.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.CocktailActivity
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.CocktailActivity$1
com/example/cocktailmania/ingredient/IngredientModule.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.ingredient.IngredientModule
com/example/cocktailmania/DB/DbManager.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.DB.DbManager
com/example/cocktailmania/cocktail/CocktailModule.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.cocktail.CocktailModule
com/example/cocktailmania/ingredient/IngredientActivity.java
 com.example.cocktailmania.ingredient.IngredientActivity
 com.example.cocktailmania.ingredient.IngredientActivity$1
